document ssl_verify for http/webdav remotes (#2547)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remote/modify.md

  > `password` is specified, DVC will not prompt the user to enter a password
  > for this remote.

- `ssl_verify` - whether or not to verify SSL certificates, or a path to a

>   custom CA certificates bundle to do so (implies `true`).

Reviewer: I think the most used term out there is just "CA bundle"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  custom CA bundle to do so (`true` by default).
```

  $ dvc remote modify myremote ask_password true
  ```

- `ssl_verify` - whether or not to verify SSL certificates, or a path to a

>   custom CA certificates bundle to do so (implies `true`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  custom CA bundle to do so (`true` by default).
```
